Hi everyone. My name is Ryan Lewis, and welcome to my
course, AWS Developer: The Big Picture.
I'm a web engineer at Expedia and I use Amazon Web Services every single day.
AWS is the largest cloud provider in the world,
responsible for enabling cutting‑edge companies like Netflix,
Airbnb, and Lyft.
It's a powerful tool to use when developing
applications that need to scale quickly,
like web applications.
This course will give you a solid overview of AWS and the different
services and capabilities the platform provides.
We'll cover what I like to call the core services of AWS.
These are the most commonly used services and form the
basis for most web applications, such as Elastic Cloud Compute,
a virtual machine provisioning service where you can
run your own custom applications.
We'll also cover extended services, which aren't as common, but highly useful.
For example, DynamoDB, a fully managed and hosted NoSQL database service.
And we won't just stop at describing services,
we'll also cover the different ways to access AWS, whether it's in your browser,
your application code, or the command line, and we'll look at demos of each.
By the end of this course,
you'll have a broad understanding of how AWS works and what you can do with it,
which will prepare you to decide if AWS is right for your project.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Amazon Web Services with the AWS Developer: The Big Picture course, at Pluralsight.